Update a link that was using old bash-cache repo name (#48)
Automattic/bash-cache-buildkite-plugin: README.md

      restore_cache $(hash_file package-lock.json)

    plugins:
      - automattic/a8c-ci-toolkit#2.18.2:
          bucket: a8c-ci-cache # optional
```

> Don't forget to verify what [the latest release](https://github.com/Automattic/a8c-ci-toolkit-buildkite-plugin/releases/latest) is and use that value instead of `2.15.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't forget to verify what [the latest release](https://github.com/Automattic/a8c-ci-toolkit-buildkite-plugin/releases/latest) is and use that value instead of `2.18.2`.
```

## Configuration

### `bucket` (Optional, string)

> The name of the S3 bucket to fallback to if the `CACHE_BUCKET_NAME` environment variable is not set in the CI host. Use by `save_cache` and `restore_cache`.

Author: I question the value of this option. I guess it's useful to have is something breaks, but I wonder whether we'd be better off fixing a CI agent that doesn't expose that env var, rather than updating the pipeline to pass one?

It might be different if the option allowed to _override_ the bucket name from the CI agent, but that's not the case. [See code below](https://github.com/Automattic/a8c-ci-toolkit-buildkite-plugin/pull/48/files#r1146082800).

Besides, I don't know of any repo that uses it.

_Maybe a way to address that linter failure (albeit without understanding why it fails...) would be to remove the configuration._
